# EXEBlock Knowledge Base : 2018-03-07 Meeting notes

## Date <a id="id-2018-03-07Meetingnotes-Date"></a>

07 Mar 2018

## Attendees <a id="id-2018-03-07Meetingnotes-Attendees"></a>

* [Alex Morgulis](https://peerplays.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5a8c57f89d25142e30bd7d8e?ref=confluence)
* [Alexander Sultan-Shakh](https://peerplays.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5a7aee8d821735652c3c37c8?ref=confluence)
* [cpower@exeblock.com](https://peerplays.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5a8d9303899ddd34fb11961f?ref=confluence)
* [Henry Belakon](https://peerplays.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5a7a678db5cbc75f7de23eb9?ref=confluence)
* [Jeffrey Maxwell](https://peerplays.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5a7aea885c3dd85c7e58e08e?ref=confluence)
* [Prabhjot Singh](https://peerplays.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5a7d9f270923ec27dd824e53?ref=confluence)
* [Matt Hutchinson](https://peerplays.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5a994fc44d8ce72a74a34dcb?ref=confluence)
* [Jonathan Bahai](https://peerplays.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5a7af229930f0c61144b4c6c?ref=confluence)

## Goals <a id="id-2018-03-07Meetingnotes-Goals"></a>

* Meeting Fabian Schuh - technical questions, resolving faucet issues.

## Discussion items <a id="id-2018-03-07Meetingnotes-Discussionitems"></a>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="text-align:left">Time</th>
      <th style="text-align:left">Item</th>
      <th style="text-align:left">Who</th>
      <th style="text-align:left">Notes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <ul>
          <li></li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
      <td style="text-align:left"></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>## Action items <a id="id-2018-03-07Meetingnotes-Actionitems"></a>

* @The Tapin faucet issue has been resolved
* Fabian showed and explained C++ b\(back-end\) code.

Attached an audio recording of the first 30 minutes of the meeting:

[with Fabian - March 3d, 2018.mp3](attachments/197460003/197462377.mp3)

**Link to peerplays comparison:**

[https://github.com/exeblock-minsk/peerplays/compare/fc18c4812cea7993fa204619be8f246c96485cec...master\#diff-4148afea69323f1193deeaddc6ee171c](https://github.com/exeblock-minsk/peerplays/compare/fc18c4812cea7993fa204619be8f246c96485cec...master#diff-4148afea69323f1193deeaddc6ee171c)

**Examples of adding a new operation to the blockchain:**

Bitshares: Asset claim pool operation \(hard fork\):

[https://github.com/bitshares/bitshares-core/pull/572/files](https://github.com/bitshares/bitshares-core/pull/572/files)

Bitshares: Asset update issuer operation\(hard fork\):

[https://github.com/bitshares/bitshares-core/pull/599/files](https://github.com/bitshares/bitshares-core/pull/599/files)

